well I'm here for the festival of winter
holiday celebration interviews at the
offline house run by Santa SCARA this
alone is a scar pics picture I think
you're right and this is a minute in a
very festive mood today I could tell how
you'd normally look walking around the
house I think that's how people like to
imagine me so I like to live outside
their fantasy sometimes so I'm happier
fulfilling people's fantasies here
before we get into all the offline stuff
just because people will expect at least
some League of Legends talk in this
video I'm really bad at League so well
what do you think of the I don't think
you've talked too much about what she
thought of the off season yet right and
all the new teams coming in oh I think
everyone keeps asking me where's the
greatest league talk show and me and
Mark were just like we're not super
enthused about doing doing anything to
start a new year so we haven't really
put some somehow I think the off season
is just really strange because there's a
lot of rosters which like I'm personally
invested in but I can't tell how they do
you know everyone pegging TSM and TL as
the forerunners and to be fair like I
think that them c9 and will be the
forerunners right with potential ECoG
Dark Horse seen the top 4 but it's like
it's always going to be the case a I
feel like the the legacy teams have a
lot of like staying power and then it's
a new team to have to construct new
rosters to be able to challenge those
teams and more likely there's what four
new teams probably like more and half
will fail so I would they say three
would fail one's gonna succeed I don't
know which one's failure looks like not
making top 5 or not tie 5 not playoff so
B would be pretty bad that means that
not maybe not top 4 I think I think cuz
there's a there's a realistic chance two
of them make playoffs but for the
difference between like top six and top
four team is pretty vast like I expect
clutch gaming to make playoffs you know
which would and these and maybe a couple
other ones but I'm not sure yeah are you
excited by all the stuff does it get you
high prediction I've been particularly
excited for next year I think for me I
I'm not the person who gets excited by
announcements anymore like I'm just
unless the announcements like really big
like for instance like I'm I was like
somewhat of a Soul Calibur fan so I saw
the announcement was like oh my god and
you Soul Calibur coming out
fantastic but for the most part lime so
your life is so exciting that these
announcements are nothing for you oh I I
realized that like we I I lived in the
world of eg when they were the top
eSports work and they had the
announcement to the announcement of the
announcement of the thing and I kind of
got burned throughout the years about
just being high for announcements and
being may be let down or just like it
not panning out well so for me up and
did the build-up it naturally builds
itself up to like the week prior before
the event starts so I think right now
I'm actually not too excited bells yes
ask me again a week before I'm like hell
yeah they can't wait for our first games
there's so many exciting players and so
many exciting rosters that's what gets
me excited right it's like I feel like
normally there are those five teams you
care about and then the other five you
don't really care about I feel like all
the teams are gonna try hard not just in
on the riffs but also as organizations
and so it's gonna be really exciting
well I heard this interesting theory
that this is the first year that or this
is the year that all the new works are
gonna be trying their hardest because
it's their their best time to pick up
fans because and it is so for them like
they have to win and have to be
successful either on the PR like media
stand for standpoint we're on a winning
standpoint and winning is to be fair
like it's easier to make content off off
a winning team and so everyone's trying
to build the best roster which is
probably why the salary expectations for
this this offseason went from like okay
we can expect like a 40% increase like
okay we're going 100% and beyond kind of
stuff what's growing faster crypto or
players healthy so the LCS oh God
like it's like hey the funny thing is
like half the players and the LCS
re-encrypt into crypto probably about
clean 20% of the players are into crypto
it's weird I talk to them it's like it's
not like they're peddling me like where
is they're just being like have you are
you into like coins I'm like no man
aetherium no no I'm good
you're not in decrypt oh um I I did when
the dabble a little bit but I mean I
would never invest more than like
probably a couple thousand so speaking
of crazy questionable investments you
are running offline TV here right
nice good transition the Aiza fella
interviewer when you did that hit I was
like whoa oh this guy's serious the
craft that I've found over six years
so you've you've been you've started
this whole thing how did this come about
as an idea and sort of what is it now
versus what the initial idea was I think
the initial idea was the way Chris tells
the story my manager is so depressing
he's like okay so Oscar I just want to
live with people cuz he had no friends
and I'm just like okay let's let's not
go there
it's like partially true but like a
really weird way okay so before we get
into this let's start with the idea that
I was kind of figuring out my living
situation so I had stopped CLG and
coaching them and went to live in
Victorville with a team because I was
like I need to live with some somewhere
and some guy on an amateur team invited
me out to Victorville and I'm like sure
why not
by the way I hate that place I wouldn't
I would not go back so I went from
Victorville back to Culver City got my
own one-bedroom apartment and for the
entire period of a full year I just
grind it out streaming and two people
stepped in my apartment in 360 days and
so like and I've done that past like I
think grinding to become a professional
player in college I like lone wolf the
entire thing we're like I very very very
rarely talk to people and I realized
that like generally my idea about social
human beings that they're social
creatures and while you can D the one
wolf thing I prefer being in company to
do a lot of things poki was saying that
it's easy to kind of get depressed as a
streamer if you're like living on your
own and just doing nothing but playing
the game and kind of in that little
world for me not so much like I'm good
at being able to do like the lone wolf
thing like that's this is the meeting my
home like I've done it the horn I've
done it for like three years
I probably out the last ten I can like
live by myself fully functioning
functional but it's not as fulfilling
that's the thing for me I'm just like
well I even can have like my days be
like on average like a six or I can live
with some people and maybe have like a
little bit of downswing but the average
days are like a seven and a half and I'm
just like why would I not go for the
other option what is the other option
entail
maybe I need more money so I did this
really crazy endeavor where I live with
Fraga Nina and I ended up like
practically like kind of sponsoring them
to live live with me ended up not
working because we want to make a
content house and I thought that they
could be great content creators we
learned out we wanted a lot of things in
that process like you know how laymen
together isn't like there's a difference
between being good like highly motivated
work workers good friends and like
people who are good at life skills and
combining the three especially with you
know who had never lived outside of the
house before I remember like our first
day we moved in he was just like how do
I use the washer/dryer I was like we're
gonna be here for we're gonna be here a
long time like but I think I failed the
first year 100% we didn't get caught off
the floor together it didn't work out so
of course I did the thing that everyone
doesn't they fail I decided to up for
eight seven 3-bedroom I opted for a six
bedroom house I tried that I doubled
down to my failure need more people more
pretty bright it's so like I was like
you know what I'll double the investment
get a bigger house and grab some people
I wouldn't make like an actual content
house I want to try for it again because
especially with pokey coming in I was
like I really like pokey I think that I
am a kid like me you know pokey could be
is really good and then like plus a
couple people who knows I think we can
kill it and so I thought that like my
base idea was good my execution was poor
cool we get a new house it's going not
great first couple months we're still
finding our groove our editor that we
that we imagine would also direct for us
didn't have directing power and we had
miscalculated the how how hard it was to
direct as well and so we had a lot of
changes in that we brought in fed anew
person I am top production to also bring
in mark and Josh and so like we kind of
took a couple months again this way and
things and after we did did I think
coming in to the end of the year when we
first started I was like oh my god like
a hundred thousand subs wedding in the
year and like I was happy with that
regardless of our viewer like the
average views per content I think right
now our channel is super successful
actually really funny rice come really
big vlogger I actually had a vodka out
recently and if you still frame his vlog
on this YouTube channel subscriptions we
are subscribed
he subscribed to us I'm just like just
we gotta we
we exact the big fish in the other whale
like that you noticed this by the way
no I didn't someone capped it and sent
me the screenshot and I'm just like oh
I don't watch this guy but but
you're not subbed to his channel but
he's up to you that's all the power in
the world yeah dude I control it
the power is in my hand which thank God
because I realized why people don't do
stuff like this and it's just like a
huge money sick like I joke with my
manager all the time Chris I'm just like
so Chris how much did my spending this
month he's like oh don't worry about it
and or like the gossip buy stuff and
they'll come back in bikes thanks Cara
and I'm like what that was on the
production budget I'm the production
budget and so I essentially burn money
in like an investments type of way but I
think that that's fine like the way that
I see investment is like when you make
money and I'm very fortunate in my
position right now to have I made like a
decent on money the number one thing you
want to do is invest back into yourself
that's usually across all shapes and
sizes like butt or like all like people
the best thing to do and then you invest
in like you know your interests hobbies
and then investments all that kind of
stuff so it's just the off ITV as an
investment back into what I do and
obviously I'm very knowledgeable about
its ability to succeed and fail and I
very much believe that I'll find TV is
something that no one else can do in the
scene because no one else has either the
connections the ability to start it the
money the funds to start it randomly and
no one else would do what we did I came
in at a good time and I had to fail to
for over a year to learn how to do it
and so I'm uniquely positioned that's
that's the best way the phrase I'm
uniquely positioned to do what I do and
I don't think it could be copied easily
and so I think that we I have an
award-winning formula here I have to
figure out how the words of you one more
than my competitive career where you say
it's an award winning formula what award
says the formula hypothetical words you
know a war oh if I just throw that out
there I'm the best streaming house
started from a legal edges player with
the name that begins with a letter S yes
and this is a there's an award for that
you're saying I could make the award
like to be honest like
what's what's a postcard you know with
the little writing on it yes okay that's
a let's see word okay well glad
congratulations on the award I didn't
know you'd won that that's very exciting
so yeah I mean cuz a lot of people will
look at this is bad news for me because
I have a hundred thousand subs on my
YouTube channel and I'm like maybe I'll
start to make money one of these days
you have two hundred thousand subs out
of your YouTube channel not so much on
the money yeah so I liked that a
projected income and so this is with the
idea that we were starting a patreon
which by the way ended up being like a
lot of work for us to develop so I think
we showed the idea for now but with the
idea that we were gonna do it patreon
and that increase Chris which by the way
my manager also an accountant so he does
all my numbers he he mapped out a
spreadsheet out our entire future yearly
income and in September of next year we
could potentially break even assuming we
get patreon donations and merch and
sponsorships and so now the Patriots out
of the picture I hope to break even by
December of next year
very good well I make so for me I'm
looking at about 2020 2021 also I pay my
video producer takes like 80% of
everything that I make so we both know
that's not true like I've seen the video
pretty as you get you just get them off
the street you're like oh you can work
you can work the camera that's cool can
you hold stuff that's that's sick if I
tell you to cut his hair for a long time
so you just kind of look like you came
in off the street it's a struggle yeah I
don't know I just you know I get
desperate sometimes it's it just needs
somebody to hit the record button yes
all your co-host gets night for me by
other companies you just like gotta go
back to back throughout the square why
then you just start with the hobo again
I think riot is is gonna try and poach
him soon everybody's trying approach
everywhere I just want right wants to
take everything I have and leave me with
nothing Travis you're the number one
source of you know scouting like you're
the best talent scout in the industry
and to be honest it would be a shame for
people not to poach from you and
unfortunately there's not I'm not
getting a cut on any of this anti
poaching laws for the employment you
have maybe should consider writing a
contract you have with Pro that brother
right now which I know you guys must
have a very lengthy contract
Broden I've taken about to lunch she
does
times it's kind of oh it better at least
be like medicine afar nice stuff I do
take a tremendous Ino farms it's good I
had that today no I did you get the not
so fried chicken yeah I had that today
oh it's so good you get the barbecue or
the mustard I got the barbecue I liked
it
that's the right answer okay cool so
you've done all this has it been worth
it yeah it's no question like I would be
like would I do it again absolutely even
with the idea of it's like I think I've
thrown away over 50 grand and investment
into the house and I'm like I'd do it
again
I like how I'd make count yeah just
throw it's actually I looked at my bag
how I calculate after taxes it is not
nearly like as much as I expected I was
like oh my god like I mean this is the
first time I've ever had to make an LLC
for my business and offline TV and
because like when you generate funds I
would say over probably like 150 K it's
good to get look into getting a business
this is what I've been told from my
colleagues and so I got one because this
is one of the first times I've been able
to do that and I'm just gonna be left
with less money overall after like off
ITV appear so i think is hurts a little
bit but i i'm very happy with how it's
yeah worked out if you were to do it
again who would you of the people in the
house right now would you swap out for
somebody else well I would swap out none
of the two people who really quickly
over like fed and Lily are both nearly
irreplaceable and Kris I guess also came
over really quickly I I do think that's
at some point Chris Rebecca should move
out because they're married and I feel
like they should be their own separate
situation but we're looking at houses
with the separate back yeah where they
could stay with us but I'm hoping for
there by the fit they move out and so
with that in mind we can maybe grab
someone else how much of a hellhole is
this place gonna become when they're not
sure to keep it together because my
understand of maintain it they're like
the parents yeah they are I think when
they leave like trust me it was a hassle
for me to tell for people to remember
like what day the trash was I have to be
like so what days are trash what day is
it today and people were just look at me
with this blank look
and I'd be like it's Thursday
what happens on Thursday we throw out
the trash and a hole it's like the
lights go off their head that thing so
who all lives on the house you have me
pokey main Lili Pichu fed Meister our
editor Kristen Rebecca which are is my
manager managers wife she actually
probably does she she has the best job
in the house she makes um she designs
theme parks as an architecture major
she's fun she's fantastic at doing
anyway so I've done that there's a game
called roller coaster tycoon so I maybe
I should get into that similar to what
she does for a living and honestly it's
just she's very good at there aside for
that we also have that many what we have
disguised toast our resident hearthstone
player loved him he's our newest
addition he's really really funny and
that we have that's it
so you said fed Lily Rebecca and Chris
are all safe because whenever I asked
you who would you remove so that leaves
pokey or just guys to maybe it'd be
Chris and Rebecca I told you see I would
replace them because it's further
greater benefit to not be in a house
with seven other people that's a safe
answer you're like I'm replacing them
for them
I had weeks to prep for this interview I
knew at some point a big publication was
gonna come but to us and be like I've
heard about Oh TV is that what you call
it offline TV and I'd be like huh you've
come to the right guy
unfortunately we had a small publication
first but I'm hoping for a bigger one
later I've heard that I should just keep
calling an offline TV Gigi I see that to
mark all the time I didn't get super
Tilted that's what the Twitter handle
says if you look at like why we couldn't
get offline TV it's this one Russian
channel that has that's like three years
like out of date but they have one video
that's got like 300,000 views it's got
four videos total one of them has views
and like for us to get it would take
like forever well that's too bad other
than that any interesting stories Oh
would you replace the dogs yes okay Oh
for me I'm probably the least pet person
in the house so I don't like animals
because like I I want to say like I want
to deal with my own life and then after
I deal with my own life I want like an
animal to be there it's like comfort me
when I want it it's not very selfish
like that
and so like for me I like Maggie because
Maggie as a dog is Christian Rebecca's
dog very very quiet never barks super
super nice dog and just like kind of
like lays around for you and like you
can like penny I love Maggie and it
Tammy Lily's dog it's actually terrible
because she's just like she's a hyper
enough for two dogs and I'm a one animal
per kind of guy so when when when Tammy
is around she's just like runs all over
the place yaps all over the place pees
in some random area poops some random
area to be fair she's gotten a lot
better than when she first moved in but
I feel like she just takes after her
owner a lot and so that is that a lot of
the behavior that Lily exhibits you'd be
surprised
she's standing off to the side right now
putting him removing her makeup I guess
I don't know hello Lily
happy holidays all right uh any fun
moments anything you're on our account
with with offline stuff I've been trying
to get people off their each other under
the bus but you guys are all very
diplomatic toast wasn't a very
diplomatic when I heard his interview he
was not but you know he does heart stuff
stuff he could he could stay on the
sidelines and throw cards up ya know I
actually really like everyone in the
house I think that of course there's
some false I think the biggest one is
just that when you have a group of
people living together and like it's
just hard to keep everything very clean
and that's something that like I counted
it for when moving in with people and
some people had very high optimistic
ideas but I've lived in gaming houses
before and I knew what I was getting
into and so like obviously on that front
I'm hoping over time it gets better
which it can only happen over time I
can't see conditioned people to be like
you know a little bit different and I
start from that everything else is
really cool like I would do everything
the exact not maybe not the exact same
way but I do it all over again if I
could
and I can't imagine a place I'd be then
right now right here in this interview
with me I was kind of meaning the house
with like the other people by guest as
you're in the house and we're doing this
interview and you are my first
publication then sure with you as well
you can send this you thank you you
could set this around the sponsors you
can say look
even covered him in notable stuff like
Travis gafford's Travis gravity sports
content yeah and when I did those shut
the door on me like oh wow you got
covered by him let's look at the you
know other houses up csgo houses you
know face is there anything that you
want to say to the fans usually it's
very you have something more prepared
for this question but right now I just
feel very like it's the end of the year
I just like to spread the holiday cheer
you know I'm wearing this all I can say
is like you know Happy Holidays
hope you guys spend some time with your
family hope you guys get great gifts and
I hope you guys enjoy everything I've
been putting out this year you know I
think that every single year has been
kind of a learning experience for me and
I think I'm at the point where hopefully
I'm at the cusp of doing something
amazing especially with this house and I
guess time will tell
see me next year where hopefully this
channel blows up I can brag to Travis
that I have 10 times the subscribers by
the end of next year you said this
channel hopefully this channel blows up
when we're watching it on my channel
right now so you're hoping that my
channel blows up alright you know what
since it's Christmas I hope your channel
blows up and I hope our channel blows up
more than yours yeah that's fine well
although you could sub on my channel
right now and that'll help with it yeah
thank you so much looking forward to
more Smasher pass you know always
excited to find out who you're gonna
smash scar will be the artist and that
kind of content for me it's probably the
one where I'm just like you know what I
can do I could do without this by no
feathers like a feather marker just like
you know it's it's good to put it out
there and I like doing the streamers try
stuff cuz I love that yeah so more
more Smasher pass to scar and hopefully
more mark mariachi bands I think that
was pretty good edge or the someone gave
me a mariachi ugly Christmas sweater and
it plays the mariachi sound oh my god
yeah yeah you can find it yes ok yeah
here we go fest
Fiesta and you press this
[Music]
happy holidays
everyone at the end of Yahoo eSports
avila may made a commitment to me to
keep helping me out on this YouTube
channel and then she bailed as soon as
she could to Riot Games to get the big
bucks so if you could help me out that
would be great
over at Travis Garrett a comma a slash
support